# everything queer  
everyone has two parents. except for a very small group of people, everyone had 2 people who contributed to their creation. however, were completely fine with calling people who did not do this our parents. we will still call someone our parent if they fill the roles society expects them to, and were completely fine with this. in fact, its rude, and even weird, to not do so. you wouldnt go to a parent teacher conference and lean in to the teacher and say, "just so you know, i'm not actually their biological parent." that would be weird! you also wouldnt go up to someone and say "you know youre not their biological parent, right?" that would be rude, because they already know that. youre not contributing anything to them, and youre lessening their position as a parent, which they may hold important to them. so really, youre just being a dick. and as a society, were completely ok with this. its easy to understand. were also completely ok with people who fill all the roles a parent usually would deciding not to call themselves a parent. for example, an aunt who takes care of and raises her siblings child. she probably wouldnt call herself that childs mother, shed still call herself their aunt. honestly, it would be kinda weird if she didnt. so as a society, were both completely fine and with calling people, who _are not our biological parents_, our parents, and completely fine with people who fill all the roles of a normal parent not being called a parent. this is all normal, and easy to understand for everyone.    

now, i must admit, i stole this metaphor from Yuval the Terrible, love that guy. but its just so incredible. a great way to describe this. have a guess what its about, it _should_ be easy.  
### labels